Can the elderly ask you something?
Girl, please speak
There may be relics in this pile
Because the celestial master is a prisoner
Originally there was
But the dog doesn't say anything, and the above is handed over to the treasury for the people
Searched him away
He kept it hidden
Dog protection eye
Lustful for money
But suddenly extremely cautious
Want to get this back
It wasn't easy.
OK, I see.
Thank you old man
A lucky one to carry with you every day
Or what just happened a few days ago
This mouth should not take many steps.
Related to magic
If we go to him now
It is inevitable that the strategist may be cleaned up
Junior sister has a great idea
Isn't he horny?
Then let's go to the place where he often appears
Come to a dream to catch a turtle
Maybe you can find the person behind it